welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a horror
dark comedy film from 2017 titled happy
death day
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the campus clock chimes nine tree wakes
up in a dorm room that's not hers
carter turns around and greets her then
her phone rings to the sound of a
birthday song
she asks where her clothes are and
immediately stands up to get dressed
tree asks for tylenol and crater
scrambles to find it
when she's done dressing he gives her
the bottle of pills still trying to be
nice to her
but she tells him not to say a word
about their encounter as she's about to
leave carter's friend walks and asking
him if he slept with her
tree is disgusted with both of them she
walks outside and a goth is checking her
out
then a girl asks her to sign a petition
to stop global warming
the sprinkles come on chasing off a
kissing couple a car alarm blares
a frat guy is torturing a few rushes and
one collapses as she passes by them
suddenly she stopped by tim her supposed
stalker a guy she had one date with and
doesn't like
she makes fun of him then leaves she
walks up to her sorority house and a
girl greets her
tree sneaks inside but is immediately
caught by danielle
who reminds her about the house meeting
at lunch she walks inside her bedroom
and is greeted by her roommate lori
as she drops on her bed as laurie
recounts the previous night partying
tree suddenly sees the time realizing
she's late for class
she jumps out of bed rushing to get
dressed and find her books
she turns around and laurie gives her a
birthday cupcake telling her that she
can't hide her birthday from her
tree blows out the candle and drops the
cupcake in the trash as she walks out
laurie is angry tree walks into a class
held by a professor she has something
going on with
that day she has lunch with her sorority
sisters as one of them becky sits down
with a high carb lunch
deemed bad by danielle they make her
leave because of it
but when she stands up carter walks into
her spilling a chocolate shake all over
tree
she doesn't want her sorority sisters to
know she knows him and pulls him to the
side
he gives her back the bracelet that she
forgot at his room
later she goes into a hospital and
declines a call with her dad
then walks into lori she knows why tree
is there and tells her that what she's
doing can have serious consequences
tree walks into an office and the
professor walks inside
she instantly starts kissing him but
suddenly his wife knocks on the door
that night she's in her room and
danielle comes in
wearing her top they talk about the
party they're going to later
when there's a power shortage tree is
listening to her dad's message as she
walks by some jocks
going toward the party she walks into a
creepy underpass
where a music box is playing happy
birthday tree thinks someone is joking
with her
but there's a noise behind her there's
someone in a college mascot mask
staring at her without saying anything
he disappears
she passes through the underpass when he
suddenly jumps out with a knife and
starts chasing her
tree stumbles and falls he grabs her and
kills her
tree wakes up in the same dorm room
things start playing out the same way as
before
she dresses as carter talks to her and
she asks for tylenol
even telling him where he keeps it he
says it's like she's been there before
carter's friend walks in and tree is
confused she leaves and when she exits
the building
she passes by the same goth the petition
girl the sprinklers
the car alarm and the frat guys she
looks confused as she runs into tim
again
but this time she asks him what day it
is it's monday the 18th
tree is greeted by the same girl in
front of her sorority and runs into
danielle
who reminds her of the sorority lunch
lori greets her in the same way as
before when she enters the room
tree feels weird but see she's late for
class and hurries
lori gives her the cupcake but she gets
more confused and rushes out
later she's at lunch when the same
scenario with becky plays out
tree tries to warn her about carter but
they still run into each other
carter walks away but she reminds him to
give her the bracelet back
later she's in the professor's office
wanting to talk to him
but he kisses her and his wife knocks on
the door that night
she's watching a birthday video of her
and her mom when danielle walks in
tree is freaked out about the blackout
she walks down the same road going
toward the underpass
but when she gets there and hears the
music box she takes another way to the
party
tree reaches the house and it looks
empty it's locked
so she bangs on the door a guy in the
mascot mask opens and she punches him
when the lights come on for her birthday
surprise the guy under the mask was nick
later danielle and tree are talking and
nick approaches them
flirting with her to the dismay of
danielle regardless
she follows him to his room when she
walks inside
the room looks empty she checks herself
out in the mirror
when nick shows up behind her again and
she takes off his mask
he begins playing loud music and dances
to it badly
so tree is unimpressed she texts with
danielle
as another man wearing the mask walks
into the room and kills nick
tree can't hear anything over the loud
music and when she turns around she
thinks the man is nick
she walks toward him and he takes out
the knife they struggle on the bed and a
frat boy walks in
but doesn't react to what's happening
the masked man stabs her
tree wakes up in the dorm room screaming
and scaring carter
she dresses in a panic and runs out as
everything keeps playing out the same
bath petition girl sprinklers car alarm
frat guys and eventually tim laurie
greets her the same way when she enters
their room and sits down
on the bed tree tells laurie that she
feels like she's losing her mind and
tries to explain to her that she's lived
through the same day twice as proof
she mentions the cupcake in the surprise
party lori doesn't believe her story
tree tells her that somebody will kill
her that night and starts panicking
scaring laurie too but she tells her to
get some rest
considering the day is stressful for her
because of her mom
later tree is seen reinforcing her
windows and pushing a drawer in front of
her door
she sees a picture of her and her mom
when suddenly danielle knocks on her
door and there's a power shortage
tree sits on her bed and goes to eat the
cupcake when she starts looking for the
remote
she finds a birthday card and the tv
suddenly goes off
then on again showing the news briefly
then off again
she hears a noise in the closet and
grabs a hammer but when she opens it no
one's there
she goes to check the bathroom but
before she can check behind the shower
curtain
tv comes on again the masked man appears
behind her and after a brief struggle
kills her again tree wakes up screaming
in the dorm room
scaring carter she freaks out and runs
off
everything is the same again doth
petition girl
sprinklers car alarm frat guys she
starts spiraling into panic
when suddenly carter stops her to give
her her stuff back
she hugs him and asks him to help her
next they're sitting in the college
cantina and carter is trying to wrap his
head around what's been happening to her
her phone rings and he realizes it's her
birthday he tells her that whoever's
killing her knows it's her birthday and
starts making a list with whomever would
have motive for that
he also tells her that they didn't sleep
together the previous night
they continue talking about her murder
and he tells her that she has an
unlimited amount of time to figure out
who's killing her
that night tree makes a suspect list and
the first one on it is tim
she peeps through his window and
realizes that he's actually gay
tree turns around and the masked man
stabs her tree wakes up in carter's dorm
room and throws her phone in the trash
next she's seen coloring and cutting her
hair and later she adds another name to
the list
the professor's wife she stalks her from
the bushes
but when she turns around the masked man
tackles her and kills her
she wakes up the next name on her list
is danielle
they're seen talking then fighting when
a bus hits them
she wakes up angry crosses danielle of
the list and the next one is the
professor
tree walks out of the dorm room naked
all the people she saw before her ogling
her
later she's waiting for her killer with
a baseball bat but knocks becky out by
mistake
when she goes to help her the masked man
shows up and hits her with a bat
she wakes up in carter's dorm telling
him his plan sucked she's getting weird
pains in her abdomen and as carter's
friend opens the door she faints in his
arms
later she's in a hospital and carter
walks inside her room
he tells her it's monday the 18th and
the power shortage happens
suddenly the professor is standing next
to carter
he tells him to leave the professor
who's also her doctor
shows her an x-ray of her lungs she has
so many lesions on them
that she should be dead tree wants to
leave but he tells her that she's safe
there
she asks him for a soda to get him out
of the room and when he gets back she's
no longer there
tree runs through the hospital and goes
into the professor's office
looking for his car keys suddenly she
finds a mask inside a drawer
she thinks he's the killer so she
carefully walks through the hospital
when he shows up behind her and is
instantly stabbed by the masked man
he goes after her and chases her to the
parking lot tree keeps hiding from him
there
but when she opens the professor's car
he hears her and catches up to her
she escapes him for the first time and
rejoices when a cop car signals her to
stop
the cop comes over her car and she tries
to explain what's happening
but realizes that if the cop thinks
she's under the influence of any illegal
substance he'll have to arrest her and
take her to jail
where she should be safe so she lies to
him and he arrests her
he places her safely in the back of his
patrol but suddenly gets hit by another
car
the masked man walks out of the other
car and comes over to the patrol
tree taunts him for a moment but he
walks off and gets back in the car
he opens a window and drops a birthday
candle lighting the gasoline trail to
the cop car
tree wakes up in the dorm again takes
tylenol all by herself
opens the door for carter's friend and
sends him away she's getting dressed and
carter asks her why she was screaming in
her sleep
he follows her out wanting to know her
story she tells him that she's relieving
the same day and tells him about the
sprinklers
the car alarm and the frat guy fainting
later they're seen in a diner eating
she burps and farts saying he won't
remember it her phone rings and he asks
why she doesn't pick up when her father
is calling
she tells him that her mother died three
years ago and that they shared the same
birthday
tree is convinced that if her mom was
still alive she wouldn't have been very
proud of her
because she's not a good person he tells
her that her current situation makes it
easier for her to become a better person
but she doesn't think she has many more
days left because she keeps getting
weaker every time she comes back
tree's attention gets shifted to the
news there's a report about a serial
killer that's in the hospital
she thinks that he's her killer she
arrives at the hospital where he's kept
and tells the nurse to call the police
because he'll escape
when she doesn't see an officer in front
of his door she grabs an axe and walks
inside his room
the masked man is inside too but she
doesn't see him immediately
she sees the guard dead on the floor
when the masked man shoots at her
tree escapes but he kills the nurse and
chases after her
when he catches up to her he takes up
his mask to reveal the serial killer
he raises his gun to shoot but suddenly
crater jumps in
tree gets the gun and wants to shoot him
when it jams and the serial killer
breaks carter's neck
he chases tree again and they reach the
bell tower
she appears behind him and hits him over
the head though she suddenly realizes
that if she kills him and doesn't reset
the day
carter will be dead forever so she drops
the crowbar and runs again
the killer goes after her but she kills
herself instead
the campus clock chimes nine tree wakes
up in carter's room and hugs him
thanking him for saving her life before
she leaves
she grabs his pillow spanx his friend
for being a misogynist and walks out of
the building happy
she sees the goth and takes his glasses
signs the petition
tells the couple about the sprinkles and
puts a pillow on the ground before the
frat boy falls down
tree is happy to see tim and empowers
him to get out of the closet
she finally greets the girl in front of
her sorority house and walks inside
danielle walks up to her and she tells
her about carter leaving her speechless
she walks into her bedroom and
apologizes to lori for being selfish
next she goes to class and calls the
professor out for a word
tree puts an end to their relationship
dropping his class too
during the sorority lunch tree isn't
there and becky sits down with her bad
lunch
tree arrives and sits down next to her
with a tray of junk food
shoving it in her face danielle insults
becky so tree walks over to her and
spills the chocolate shake all over her
head
suddenly carter shows up to give her the
bracelet and she kisses him then asks
him out on a date
he says yes later she shows up at the
restaurant where her dad is waiting for
her to have a birthday lunch together
tree wants them to be open about her
mom's death and talk about her more
because she wants to stop avoiding what
happened she apologizes for hurting him
by doing that
that night she gets prepared to face her
killer she goes to the hospital and
takes the guard's gun
holding him at gunpoint she tells the
guard to get help because the serial
killer will escape
tree goes over to the sleeping prisoner
seeing that he's restrained
telling him to open his eyes she wants
to shoot but the safety on the gun is on
he hits her with his pillow grabs her
and takes her knife they fight but he's
stronger
he gets the knife to kill her but the
alarm on her watch rings
the power goes out and she's behind him
with a gun tree shoots her killer dead
that night she lights the birthday
candle on her cupcake while her and
carter talk about what happened
before she blows out the candle she
wishes for tomorrow
the campus clock chimes nine tree wakes
up in carter's room
it's the same day again she freaks out
and runs away
she bursts into her bedroom and starts
backing laurie stands up and goes to
give her the cupcake
when tree has an epiphany she realizes
that she woke up the same day because
she died in her sleep tree thinks lori
killed her by poisoning the cupcake
but when tree kept not eating the
cupcake laurie used the serial killer as
an opportunity to kill her and get away
with it
it was always lori that killed her tree
tells her to eat the cupcake and prove
that it wasn't her or she'll take it to
the police
laurie knocks her down and locks the
room she tells her the reason for
wanting to kill her was the professor
because she was in love with him they
start fighting around the room and lori
almost kills her
when she gets distracted long enough for
tree to shove the cupcake in her mouth
and then push her out of the window
falling in front of the girl facing the
sorority house
tree and carter are watching the news in
the diner her dad calls and she picks up
to calm him down
the two of them talk and carter starts
telling her about groundhog day which
she's never seen
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching